Update test and contract collection docs (#2656)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/contracts-collection.md

# How Contracts Are Collected

> `snforge` supports two mechanism for collecting contracts used in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`snforge` supports two mechanisms for collecting contracts used in tests.
```

The default depends on Scarb version used and can be controlled with `--no-optimization` flag.

> - If using Scarb version greater or equal to
>   2.8.3, [optimized collection mechanism](contract-collection/new-mechanism.md) is used by default.
> - If using Scarb version below 2.8.3 or using `--no-optimization` flag with
>   `snforge test` [old collection mechanism](contract-collection/old-mechanism.md) is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If using Scarb version >= 2.8.3, [optimized collection mechanism](contract-collection/new-mechanism.md) is used by default.
- If using Scarb version < 2.8.3 or running `snforge test` with `--no-optimization` flag, the [old collection mechanism](contract-collection/old-mechanism.md) is used.
```

> 📝 **Note**
>

> > When using Scarb versions older than 2.8.3 it is **not possible** to enable new mechanism.
> > Migrating to new Scarb version is required.

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's just say that new mechanism requires Scarb >= 2.8.3, e.g.

```suggestion
> Enabling new mechanism **requires** Scarb version >= 2.8.3.
```

## Differences Between Collection Mechanisms

> | Feature                                                 | Old Mechanism | Optimised Mechanism |
> |---------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------|
> | Using contracts from `/src`                             | ✅             | ✅                   |
> | Using contracts from `/tests`                           | ❌             | ✅                   |
> | Using contracts from modules marked with `#[cfg(test)]` | ❌             | ✅                   |
> | Using contracts from dependencies                       | ✅             | ✅                   |
> | Contracts more closely resemble ones from real network  | ✅             | ❌                   |
> | Additional compilation step required (`scarb build`)    | ✅             | ❌                   |

Reviewer 2: nit: Just stylistic 😅 
```suggestion
| Feature                                                 | Old Mechanism | Optimised Mechanism |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------|
| Using contracts from `/src`                             | ✅            | ✅                  |
| Using contracts from `/tests`                           | ❌            | ✅                  |
| Using contracts from modules marked with `#[cfg(test)]` | ❌            | ✅                  |
| Using contracts from dependencies                       | ✅            | ✅                  |
| Contracts more closely resemble ones from real network  | ✅            | ❌                  |
| Additional compilation step required (`scarb build`)    | ✅            | ❌                  |
```

Author: Intellij complains if I change it to this.

> | Additional compilation step required (`scarb build`)    | ✅             | ❌                   |

Reviewer: With the current version it kind of suggests that having this additional compilation step is better. Wouldn't it be more appropriate to rename it to `Less compilation steps required`? Then the green mark would be on the optimized side.

Author: Hmm, I get your point, but maybe have it as separate points, close to each other? I think it is worth mentioning that using `scarb build --test` to build contracts can make them not 100% like the ones deployed to the network.

Though maybe it can be at least reworded to "Contracts can contain code that is not deployable on real network"?

Reviewer: >I think it is worth mentioning that using scarb build --test to build contracts can make them not 100% like the ones deployed to the network.

Agree, but this is covered by the point `Contracts more closely resemble ones from real network `

> "Contracts can contain code that is not deployable on real network"

This sentence is confusing in my opinion
